0	After all, I'm a man and you're a woman... at least last time I checked. Huh huh.
1	Alright you Primitive Screwheads, listen up! You see this? This... is my BOOMSTICK! The twelve-gauge double-barreled Remington. S-Mart's top of the line. You can find this in the sporting goods department. That's right, this sweet baby was made in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Retails for about a hundred and nine, ninety five. It's got a walnut stock, cobalt blue steel, and a hair trigger. That's right. Shop smart. Shop S-Mart. You got that?
0	Boomstick: $199.99, Shells: 39.99, Zombies heads blowing off: priceless.
0	Buckle up Bonehead. 'Cause you're goin' for a ride!
0	Good. Bad. I'm the guy with the gun.
1	Groovy.
0	Honey, you got reeeal ugly!
0	I believe I have made a significant find in the Kandarian ruins, a volume of ancient Sumarian burial practices and funerary incantations. It is entitled "Naturum De Montum", roughly translated: Book of the Dead. The book is bound in human flesh and inked in human blood. It deals with demons and demon resurrection and those forces which roam the forest and dark bowers of Man's domain. The first few pages warn that these enduring creatures may lie dormant but are never truly dead.
0	I don't want your book, I don't want your bullshit. Just send me back to my own time, pronto, today. Chop chop!
1	I got it, I got it! I know your damn words, alright?
1	I know you're scared; we're all scared, but that doesn't mean were cowards. We can take these skeletons, we can take them, with science.
1	I'll swallow your soul! I'll swallow your soul! I'll swallow your soul! Swallow this.
1	I may be bad... but I feel gooood.
0	Klaatu Barada N... Necktie... Neckturn... Nickel... It's an "N" word, it's definitely an "N" word! Klaatu... Barada... N...
0	Look, maybe I didn't say every single little tiny syllable, no. But basically I said them, yeah.
1	Oh that's just what we call pillow talk, baby, that's all.
0	Oh, you wanna know? 'Cause the answer's easy! I'm BAD Ash... and you're GOOD Ash! You're a goody little two-shoes! Little goody two-shoes! Little goody two-shoes!
0	Shut up, Linda!
0	Sure, I could have stayed in the past. I could have even been king. But in my own way, I *am* king.
0	Well hello Mister Fancypants. Well, I've got news for you pal, you ain't leadin' but two things, right now: Jack and shit... and Jack left town.
0	Yo, she-bitch! Let's go!
